do you see how unfair that is?
Run it by me again?
okay, so. I like being green,
uh huh, and i like being periwinkle.
and i like being a number!
uh huh, yeah and- and i like being a girl
wait- sorry uh can you start over?
ugh- im TRYING to say that i dont know
what i really want to be!
besides green.. and a number
thoes are the things i want to be
hm.. well you're a two!
Okay thats one other thing.
But that's still just three things.
anything else is just something i was
told to be. Something someone else wanted.
like really, why should i. do math?
i dont like math.
i hate math!
What's in it for me!?
What do I get from math!?
ugh..
Sorry Gaty i got a little carried away
no no, i totally get it actually!
When i like being something,
its because i got to decide it for myself
like my periwinkality!
and my.. girl..nes!
Yeah exactly! exactly like that!
What do i have thats like that?
well, I did decide to
be a host all on my own but... hey yeah!
i-i guess i did!
two gets scared by Pin
PIN! How long have you been standing there
oh, i wasn't listening..
i just wanted to tell you
that my team is using glue
to keep our stack together!
oh thats neat!-
WERE DOING WHAT!?
YEAH!